SNOWv2. - Ignore auto-extract for war-room entries of the CRUD tickets, records… (#6541)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/Integrations/ServiceNowv2/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
  - Added the *custom_field* argument to the ***servicenow-get-ticket*** command.

>   - Ignore auto-extract for war-room entries of the CRUD tickets, records commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Disabled auto-extract for war-room entries of the CRUD tickets and records commands.
```
